# What is three.js?

It is, according to their github page, "a lightweight 3D library with a very low
 level of complexity — in other words, for dummies."

 It's also extremely vast, though, and there are all kinds of amazing projects
 that can be made.

## Dependencies

Install with `npm install` so that you'll be able to run grunt serve to see
your images on local host!

## Let's begin to set the scene. Code along!

https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/

To create something, we need to initialize three things: camera, scene, and renderer.

var scene = new THREE.Scene();
var camera = new THREE.camera-type( field of view, aspect ratio, near clipping plane, far clipping plane );
There are several different types of cameras. They take 3 arguments.
**field of view
**aspect ratio (for which you will almost always want to use
window.innerWidth / window.innerHeight or it will be uneven)
**near and far clipping plane set the areas that won't be rendered. anything
closer than near and farther than far from the camera won't be shown.
var renderer = new THREE.WebGLRenderer();

You must also set the renderer's size (height and width) and append it to the document.

Do not configure `grunt` packages directly in the
[`Gruntfile.js`](Gruntfile.js). Instead, store configurations in the
[`grunt`](grunt) directory. You won't need a top-level key, since that's
generated by the `Gruntfile.js` based on the filename of the configuration
object stored in the `grunt` directory.

Developers should store JavaScript files in [`assets/scripts`](assets/scripts).
The "manifest" or entry-point is
[`assets/scripts/index.js`](assets/scripts/index.js). In general, only
application initialization goes in this file. It's normal for developers to
start putting all code in this file, but encourage them to break out different
responsibilities and use the `require` syntax put references where they're
needed.

Developers should store styles in [`assets/styles`](assets/styles).

Developers should use [getFormFields](forms.md) to retrieve form data to send to
 an API.

## Tasks

Developers should run these often!

-   `grunt nag` or just `grunt`: runs code quality analysis tools on your code
    and complains
-   `grunt reformat`: reformats all your code in a standard style
-   `grunt serve`: generates bundles, watches, and livereloads
-   `grunt test`: runs any automated tests, depends on `grunt build`
-   `grunt build`: place bundled styles and scripts where `index.html` can find
    them

## [License](LICENSE)

Source code distributed under the MIT license. Text and other assets copyright
General Assembly, Inc., all rights reserved.
